docs(contributing): Workaround for incremental compilation bug, java … (#2517)
cube-js/cube.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Cube.js Server

#### Prerequisites

> If you are going to develop any JDBC driver, it's required to [install Java with JDK][link-java-guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are going to develop any JDBC driver, it's required to [install Java with JDK][link-java-guide].
```

[link-java-guide]:
https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/blob/master/packages/cubejs-jdbc-driver/README.md#java-installation

#### Development

Cube.js is written in plain JavaScript, but some parts have already been migrated to TypeScript.

> Attention: Cube.js uses TypeScript configured in incremental mode, which uses cache to speed up compilation,  

> > but in some cases you can get a problem with not recompiled file. To fix it, we recommend running `$ yarn clean` and `$ yarn tsc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> but in some cases, you can run into a problem with a not recompiled file. To fix it, we recommend running `$ yarn clean` and `$ yarn tsc`.
```
